I'm back into excitement tonight roll in
with Corolla a violent video game called
Grand Theft Auto selling millions of
copies all over the world in Baton Rouge
Louisiana 21 year-old Auburn University
student zachary burgess went on a real
life crime spree inspired by the video
game Burgess was arrested for allegedly
stealing a truck kidnapping a woman and
smashing into nine cars one of his
statements was that he wanted to see
what it was to be a grand theft auto
individual what it felt like I guess to
take a car strike several vehicles at a
high rate of speed and joining us now
from Los Angeles bigger than that guy
Adam Corolla there's the story first of
all it surprise you that this nut down
there in Louisiana would do this no I
mean there's a lot of stupid people I'm
surprised it doesn't happen more often
and you know I don't think video games
make people do stupid things but
sometimes they make stupid people
through stupid things and this guy's
stupid and the people play Grand Theft
Auto are mostly stupid why do you say
that I don't know anything about the
dopey game I know there's a torture
scene in a new one that is disturbing
but I don't do this kind of stuff why
would you say that this game is precious
I just feel like first of all it's a
simulator and again what people watch
pornography on the Internet
why because they're in a room filled
with naked women willing to have sex
with them or because they can't do it
and they wish they could do it it's it's
a substitute for something they
fantasize about doing you know I don't
know why he would want to simulate this
if there was a video game where you got
hit in the head with a snow shovel would
you want to know what that really felt
like yeah I can't answer for the young
man I you know I hope he turns his life
around that's all I can say now you're
deeply involved with your podcast
business and the whole internet
cyberspace world do you see it as a good
or a bad thing
in totality well you know the Internet
is like bullets and guns in the hands of
cops they're great in the hands of
Shiite Muslims are taken over malls
they're bad so I don't know that it's
inherently good or inherently bad it
just is like any technology that's ever
come before but isn't it more powerful
than the other things that have come
before see my theory is that younger
children we just talked about that
terrible suicide of the 13-year old
Florida girl they have now control of
these machines they have the machines
even if the parents try to stop them
they'll get it in a playground and get
another kids house and there they have
tremendous power given to very immature
Minds which has never happened in the
civilization of mankind the children
have so much power because of the
cyberspace stuff and that's what's going
on here I think never mind a crazy
adults who have been empowered but two
children and a lot of them are gonna
make serious mistakes with that power
obviously we cannot unring this Bell we
can't get this horse back into the
proverbial barn it's gonna be about the
parents and the parental system and an
intact family that's the only thing
that's going to save the children
I have children as well they're on the
computer they play video games but
they're not going to you know move to
Florida and go on a killing rampage on
their 18th birthday because they will
have an intact family and a nanny that I
pay very well to teach them right from
wrong and I'm sure you contribute you a
to Carolla I think you know my point
though there's a lot of danger
associated with this new technology and
I don't know if we're addressing that
danger in this country girl always
interesting at my newspaper column this
week deals with hate speech on the net